           ~            COMMANDER Keen
~                 in
~           "Simulator Keen"
                         
Billy Blaze, eight year-old genius, worked diligently in his backyard
clubhouse. he had created an interstellar starship from old soup cans, rubber
cement and plastic tubing.  While his folks are out on the town and the
babysitter has fallen asleep, Billy travels into his backyard workshop, dons
his brother's football helmet, and transforms into...
                        

~  COMMANDER KEEN--defender of Earth!
                         

In his ship, the Bean-with-Bacon Megarocket, Keen dispenses galactic justice
with an iron hand!
                             

While Keen is out exploring the mountains of Mars, the Vorticons steal vital parts of his ship and take
them to distant Martian cities! No wait, his entire ship is gone. He doesn't even remember how he got here? What are vorticons again? Blue mars doesn't have them. So how can they steal ship parts of a ship that's not here. Commander keen feels confused and worried.
                       

With no ship around and no clue how he got here, commander keen goes around to explore this hazy world. Everything seems vaguely familair, yet unknown. Sometimes, when he looks away and then focuses again, things don't quite appear as he remembered. Is his memory failing him? Or is it the reality that's failing?
                         

~         INFORMATION ON BLUE MARS
                       

The following creatures can be expected on Blue Mars
                             
 
Three-eyed yorps: The most common type of life here, they're relatively friendly and only push you and block your path. These yorps cannot be stunned by jumping on them.
                      

Extra-dumb Gargs: These gargs rage at the world, rage at you, rage at each other, but mostly, they just rage.
                    

Homing mines: Mines floating around seeking you. They follow you around. Don't worry, just one shot fries their electronics.
                   

MineLayer: These tanks lay mines to defend something. No clue what they're defeding. Takes three shots to immobilize.
                  

Guard Shooter: Shoots at periodic intervals. Someone installed these, for some reason.
                          

Crusher:  Moves up and down. Don't get crushed!
                             

~        THE ADVENTURE BEGINS...
                 

Your task is before you.  Go get 'em, Commander Keen!
                   

Given the random nature of the levels, sometimes cheats are neccesary to finish. use G+O+D to activate god mode to fly over obstacles. press C+T+Space to get 99 ammo's, which might be neccesary when meeting multiple minelayers at once. You can return to DOS and reload the game to scramble the levels once more.
                       
                         
                           